---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to dataisreal.org!"
date:   2019-08-10 09:18:27 -0700
author: "M. B. Baldwin"
author-website: https://mahonbaldwin.com
categories: blog
---
We're just getting started but we're thrilled that you're here. We want this to become a trusted source for interesting conversation 
points in politics, science, philosophy, and literature—if it's available, we want to discuss its data. We want to point out
facinating anomolies, odd byproducts, or unusual oddities. 

# Why are we here?
There is a lot of confusing information in the world, and its too easy to get data to say whatever you want it to. We
hope that we can be a resource that reduces the confusion and creates a place of trust and clarity.

# What will we post here?
There are so many interesting topics worth review that we can't narrow it down to just one. We love data about politics, 
populations, science, and weird stuff. Really we're willing to discuss any topic, as long as there is data.

# Are you another right/left wing conspiracy site?
We have political opinions, but we try to remain neutral and present multiple sides to every argument—and back everything 
up with data, graphs, and charts.

# Okay, whatever, where can I learn more?
Visit our [about page](/about) for a comprehensive list of FAQs or reach out to us on twitter at [@dataisreal_org](https://twitter.com/dataisreal_org).

# So, um, can I post something on your blog?
Sure. We love to read stuff from lots of different perspectives. Read our [contributing page](/contributing) for more details.
